Mention that /metrics is machine-readable (#7842)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/ops/monitoring.md

Backwards-incompatible changes to the health check may be made at any time.
{{< /warning >}}

> Materialize supports a minimal, human-readable HTTP health check endpoint at
> `http://<materialized host>:6875/status`. To check on the health of Materialize in
> a machine-readable format, the [metrics
> endpoint](https://materialize.com/docs/ops/monitoring/#prometheus) can be used.

Reviewer: I would consider stating something like:

```suggestion
Materialize supports a minimal, HTTP health check at
`http://<materialized_endpoint>/status`. The `/status` page can be used by schedulers
which require an HTTP endpoint to verify liveness -- it returns HTTP 200 as
long as materialized is running. To integrate Materialize with your monitoring
infrastructure or for more machine-readable status information the [Prometheus metrics
endpoint](#prometheus) can be used.
```

Backwards-incompatible changes to the health check may be made at any time.
{{< /warning >}}

Materialize supports a minimal HTTP health check at
`http://<materialized_endpoint>/status`. The `/status` page can be used by schedulers
which require an HTTP endpoint to verify liveness -- it returns HTTP 200 as
long as materialized is running. To integrate Materialize with your monitoring
infrastructure or for more machine-readable status information the [Prometheus metrics

> endpoint](#prometheus) can be used.

Reviewer 2: * You dropped the `:6875` from the first sentence. Was that intentional?
* "schedulers" is not a well-understood tool in this context. I would go more specific ("orchestrators") or less ("tools"). Ideally something like "Orchestration tools like Kubernetes ..."
* It is either Materialize or `materialized`, but never "materialized".
* The last sentence is active voice which is against our docs style guide.

Something like this would be my recommendation:

> Materialize supports a basic HTTP health check at `http://<materialized_hostname>:6875/status`.
>
> The health check returns HTTP status code 200 as long as Materialize has enough resources to respond to HTTP requests. It does not otherwise assess the state of the system.
>
> Use this endpoint to integrate Materialize with monitoring and orchestration tools that support HTTP health checks, like [Kubernetes liveness probes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/) or [AWS load balancer health checks](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/target-group-health-checks.html).
>
> To perform health checks that assess other metrics, consider using the [Prometheus metrics endpoint](#prometheus).
